# NeuroBayes C++ Interface

Interface to NeuroBayes(R) for academic purpose

The NeuroBayes package is available under the NeuroBayes license from Blue
Yonder GmbH. Please contact neurobayes@blue-yonder.com for general information
and for information about the license.

This repository provides the C++ Interface of the NeuroBayes package. You can
only build this project if you obtained the NeuroBayes licence and NeuroBayes
Core library from Blue Yonder GmbH.

The NeuroBayes C++ Interface is usually already shipped with the NeuroBayes
package. The NeuroBayes Core library does only depenend on a very small set of
system libraries like `libc` and `libgfortran`. The NeuroBayes C++ Interface
depends on `libstdc++`. It may be necessary to recompile the C++ Interface in
the future to support new platforms, hence Blue Yonder GmbH decided to release
the source code of the C++ Interface under the MIT licence for the convenience
of the NeuroBayes user community (in particular for high energy physics
experiments).

# Build process and installation

Extract the NeuroBayes Core shared library named `libNeuroBayesCore_shared.so`
from the package you obtained from Blue Yonder GmbH and copy it into the
previously empty directory `./core`.

To build the NeuroBayes C++ Interface, run:

    cd build/
    cmake ../
    make


## Building rpm, deb or tgz packages

Optionally you can build rpm, deb and tgz packages using `make package`.
Additional third-party libraries are required to do so.

## Maxnode

The NeuroBayes Core library is optimized for a maximum number of nodes. The
maximum number of nodes is printed by the NeuroBayes Teacher at the start of
the program e.g. execute the minimaltest executable and search for `NB_MAXNODE`
in its output.

The default number is 100. If your library is optimized for a different number
of nodes, you have to provide the correct number using an environment variable
named `MAXNODE_PREPRO`. during the build process e.g.

     MAXNODE_PREPRO=200 cmake ../


## Tests

To verify the correctness of your executable, you can execute the following
test suits:

    cd build
    ./minimaltest
    ./interfacetest

The minimaltest provides also a minimal example to get you started.
